So with the addition of asynchronous validation in the last lecture, we added another extremely useful
tool to our toolset.
Now we can really handle form validation with ease and we can make sure that we always submit forms which
are valid and which therefore pass data onto our backend or whatever we're doing with it that we need.
I hope you saw the many features vuelidate offers,
now one important note, vuelidate is only one option,
there are other validation packages like v validate, links can be found in the last lecture of this
module.
Vuelidate is a very powerful and still simple to use package though,
so I can only recommend using it.
And with that, feel free to play around with that,
add it to your next vue project, dive into the vuelidate documentation which I showed you and build
awesome forms that only are valid
if you want it.